okay here we are again for another super
exciting BMW repair video CV joints in
the back of a BMW have done the front
ones and doing a back ones today I'm
getting some clunking noises like in the
first little segment of this video when
you go down the road it clunk clunk
clunk clunk and when you let off the gas
it goes away so anyway I got two new CV
joints they are uber expensive for these
stupid extras but anyway so what I did I
took the sway bar off there's a four
bolts holding the sway bar on you can
see right in here there's a carrier
right there there's bolts here so I took
the sway bar dropped it down obviously I
got it on jacks you know no messing
around here and I also took the back
brackets back here off of the off the
exhaust okay and what that allows to do
is lets it drop way down so once you get
that done you know what's going to
happen you're going to loosen up the
bolts holding on CV joint at the pumpkin
there and you'll be able to get it out
this way with a sway bar right drop down
like that then you can get a little room
to maneuver otherwise the CV joint bumps
in the sway bar so just a word of a how
you do this
loosen these bolts up here first get all
this stuff done and you can loosen a nut
on the hub out there that's not a big
deal but don't pop it out of don't pop
the splines out of the hub until you get
this thing dropped down out of the way
then you can pop that thing free because
if you if you take that nut off on the
other side here and pop the splines out
then it's going to be pushed back and
you're not going to have much compliance
with the CV joint so you want to loosen
these I think there's six of them these
funky Torx head bolts get them out of
the way first
then drop that CV or get that CV out of
that area there that into the CV axle
and then push the push to the other side
pop it out with a hammer and come out
pretty easily then I think I'll probably
even take this shock off you take the
shock off here it a drop down another
inch or two and anyway you get this you
know the further down the wheel goes the
longer your CV joint has to be to
compensate for it and that easier to get
that stupid thing out of there so anyway
just a quick little video how I got in
here with us x3 there's a tire spare
tyre thing here that I took off three
bolts not a big deal there's even holes
in the spare tire carrier where to get
it three three bolts so isn't a big deal
then there's just a little you know a
little stupid uh allen head screw up
here to take off so anyway it's not the
worst thing in the world it's a pain
don't get me wrong but it could have
been worse so hope you enjoy I'll
probably show another clip of this
popping out the CV joint when I'm all
said and done so hold on okay here I am
taking a the bolts off the by the
pumpkin there you can sort of see I got
a contraption I got like three 3/8 inch
extension bars coming out here and they
got my handy dandy pneumatic right angle
so I break it free by hand then I use
that to you know the zip the bolts out
the rest of the way makes it a little
quicker what I do I just take a little
vise grip and clamp a little bit on the
disc that way it keeps from spinning
otherwise you know and you start loosing
this this disc is going to run around if
you got somebody to put the brakes on
that'll work too but working alone so
anyway I just blocked the disc a little
bit there keep it from going so I'll
take all these off I'll get that CV
joint out of the way I'll knock it to
the left there then I'll loosen up this
bolt that's not here then not the CV
joint out okay okay so it looks in the
six bolts I got them all out of there
there's a CV joint laying right there
they axle I should say and it's sitting
on top of that it's sitting on top of
that block for the sway bar you can see
it right there
so again I loosened it up pulled it out
of the way now I took the nut off and
I'll punch this thing back push it back
through the splines there and again if
you do it the other way if you push this
thing out first you're pushing it back
like two inches not CV joint only has so
much travel so it's real tight to get
the thing out of there so if you drop
the thing down first then punch it back
it's a lot easier to get out so that's
about all the excitement in this video
I'm sure the
if you can handle getting cv joints out
if you got the right equipment this is a
big this is the big you know socket here
if you got the right equipment to tackle
this you understand what's going on but
this is just one of the little things I
found with these uh CV joints in the
some of the cars it you got a you got to
pull it away from the pumpkin first then
you can pop the thing out otherwise you
do it backwards it's just real pain in
the ass
so okay hope you enjoyed doc you later